README.md, before:

# PolymerProjects

Projects using Polymer.

## Google

|     | Name | Polymer version | [PWA](https://developers.google.com/web/progressive-web-apps/ "Progressive Web App") | Source |
| :-: | :--- | --------------: | :-: | -----: |
| - | Chrome Downloads | `1.8` | | [Source](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/chrome/browser/resources/md_downloads/)|
| [:link:](https://www.chromeexperiments.com) | Chrome Experiments | `0.5.5` | | |
| - | Chrome History | `1.8` | | [Source](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/chrome/browser/resources/md_history/)|
| - | Chrome OS audio player | `x.x` | | |
| - | Chrome OS keyboard | `x.x` | | |
| - | Chrome PDF viewer | `1.8` | | [Source](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/master/chrome/browser/resources/pdf) |
| [:link:](https://chromeperf.appspot.com) | Chrome Performance Dashboard | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.chromestatus.com) | Chrome Platform Status | `1.8` | | [Source](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/chromium-dashboard) |
| [:link:](https://codelabs.developers.google.com) | Google Developers Codelabs | `master` | :heavy_check_mark: | |
| [:link:](https://earth.google.com/web/) | Google Earth | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://io2014codelabs.appspot.com) | Google I/O 2014 Codelabs | `0.3.1` | | [Source](https://github.com/googlesamples/io2014-codelabs) |
| [:link:](https://events.google.com/io2015) | Google I/O 2015 | `0.5.5` | | [Source](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/ioweb2015) |
| [:link:](https://io2015codelabs.appspot.com) | Google I/O 2015 Codelabs | `0.5.5` | | [Source](https://github.com/googlesamples/io2015-codelabs) |
| [:link:](https://events.google.com/io2016) | Google I/O 2016 | `1.4` | :heavy_check_mark: |
| [:link:](https://mapstyle.withgoogle.com) | Google Maps APIs Styling Wizard | `1.7` | | |
| [:link:](https://patents.google.com) | Google Patents | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://play.google.com/music) | Google Play Music | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://santatracker.google.com) | Google Santa Tracker 2014 | `0.5.5` | | [Source](https://github.com/google/santa-tracker-web) |
| [:link:](https://santatracker.google.com) | Google Santa Tracker 2015 | `1.2` | | [Source](https://github.com/google/santa-tracker-web) |
| [:link:](https://santatracker.google.com) | Google Santa Tracker 2016 | `1.7` | | [Source](https://github.com/google/santa-tracker-web) |
| [:link:](https://sites.google.com/new) | Google Sites | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://translate.google.com/community) | Google Translate Community | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](http://zeitgeist-globe.appspot.com) | Google Zeitgeist | `0.3.3` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.polymer-project.org) | Polymer | `1.8` | :heavy_check_mark: | [Source](https://github.com/Polymer/docs) |
| [:link:](https://elements.polymer-project.org) | Polymer Element Catalog | `1.8` | | [Source](https://github.com/Polymer/polymer-element-catalog) |
| [:link:](https://www.polymer-project.org/summit-2015) | Polymer Summit 2015 | `1.1` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.polymer-project.org/summit) | Polymer Summit 2016 | `1.1` | | |
| [:link:](https://fi.google.com) | Project Fi | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://lightsaber.withgoogle.com) | Star Wars Lightsaber Escape | `1.2` | | |
| [:link:](http://projector.tensorflow.org) | Tensorflow - Embedding Projector | `1.8` | | [Source](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tree/master/tensorflow/tensorboard) |
| [:link:](https://test.webrtc.org) | WebRTC troubleshooting | `1.2` | | |
| [:link:](https://gaming.youtube.com) | YouTube Gaming | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.youtube.com) | YouTube | `1.9` | | |

## Other

Sorted alphabetically

|     | Name | Polymer version | [PWA](https://developers.google.com/web/progressive-web-apps/ "Progressive Web App") | Source |
| :-: | :--- | --------------: | :-: | -----: |
| [:link:](https://areafiftylan.nl) | AreaFiftyLAN | `1.8` | | [Source](https://github.com/AreaFiftyLAN/lancie-frontend) |
| [:link:](http://www.battlefield.com) | BattleField | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.bithound.io) | bitHound | `1.2` | | |
| [:link:](https://bluemesh.com) | BlueMesh | `1.6` | | |
| [:link:](https://braid.io) | Braid | `1.2` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.catminingexperience.com) | Caterpillar - MINExpo 2016 | `1.6` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.cerberusapp.com) | Cerberus | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.cloudstitch.com) | Cloudstitch | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://github.com/F4IF/ctree-demo) | Collaboration Tree (Demo) | `1.7` | :heavy_check_mark: | [Source](https://github.com/F4IF/ctree-demo)  |
| [:link:](https://ux.contactlab.com) | ContactLab - UI components | `1.8` | | [Source](https://github.com/contactlab/contactlab-ui-components) |
| [:link:](https://customelements.io) | CustomElements | `1.1` | | [Source](https://github.com/customelements/www) |
| [:link:](http://www.ea.com) | Electronic Arts | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://frontend.directory) | Frontend Directory | `1.6` | | |
| [:link:](http://commongarden.org) | Grow-IoT - An interoperable, FOSS framework for the Web of Things. | `1.7` | | [Source](https://github.com/CommonGarden/Grow-IoT/) |
| [:link:](https://home-assistant.io/demo) | Home Assistant | `1.6` | | [Source](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant-polymer) |
| [:link:](https://lookbook.hp.com/us/en/) | HP Lookbook | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://console.ng.bluemix.net) | IBM Bluemix console | `1.0` | | |
| [:link:](https://apps.kano.me) | Kano | `1.8` | :heavy_check_mark: | |
| [:link:](https://kongax.konga.com) | Konga EZ | `1.7` | :heavy_check_mark: | |
| [:link:](http://kune.cc) | Kune | `1.5` | | [Source](https://github.com/comunes/kune) |
| [:link:](https://www.letsride.com.au) | Let's Ride | `1.0` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.marktplaats.nl) | Marktplaats | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://meatscope.camera) | Meatscope | `1.5` | :heavy_check_mark: | [Source](https://github.com/cdata/meat-scope) |
| [:link:](https://www.net-a-porter.com) | Net-a-Porter | `1.2` | | |
| [:link:](https://padlock.io) | Padlock | `1.2` | | [Source](https://github.com/maklesoft/padlock) |
| [:link:](https://realtimestockscreener.com) | Realtime Stock Screener | `1.5` | :heavy_check_mark: | [Source](https://github.com/anandanand84/pwa-competition/) |
| [:link:](https://snapdrop.net) | Snapdrop | `1.2` | | [Source](https://github.com/RobinLinus/snapdrop) |
| [:link:](https://www.syncrtc.com) | SyncRTC | `1.5` | | |
| [:link:](https://ww8.herokuapp.com) | Torrent Alert - Torrent Keyword Search, Schedule & Alert | `1.8` | | [Source](https://github.com/vcompile/Torrent-Alert) |
| [:link:](http://travelto.live) | Travel to Live | `1.6` | | |
| [:link:](https://tutorials.ubuntu.com) | Ubuntu Tutorials | `1.7` | | [Source](https://github.com/ubuntudesign/tutorials.ubuntu.com) |
| [:link:](https://rio16.usatoday.com/olympics-rio-2016/schedule-results) | USAToday - Rio 2016 Olympics Schedule and Results | `1.6` | | |
| [:link:](https://vaadin.com/elements) | Vaadin Elements | `1.8` | | [Source](https://github.com/vaadin) |
| [:link:](https://demo.vaadin.com/expense-manager/) | Vaadin Expense Manager | `1.8` | :heavy_check_mark: | [Source](https://github.com/vaadin/expense-manager-demo) |
| [:link:](https://www.victoriassecret.com) | Victoria's Secret | `1.5` | | |
| [:link:](http://webcomponents.org) | WebComponents.org | `1.8` | :heavy_check_mark: | [Source](https://github.com/webcomponents/webcomponents.org) |
| [:link:](https://home.xfinity.com) | XFINITY Home | `1.7` | | |
| [:link:](https://tv.xfinity.com) | XFINITY TV | `1.7` | | |
| [:link:](https://zeplin.io) | Zeplin | `1.0` | | |
| [:link:](https://zeppidy.com) | Zeppidy | `1.7` | | |

Commit message:

Added brief intro
Describing in more detail the nature and purpose of this list.

README.md, after:

# PolymerProjects

### Projects using Polymer

Here is a crowdsourced open list of Polymer Projects. Examples of complete working apps are difficult to find. But this list could help the community see some examples of how to put all the elements together into a working app.

Please send a Pull Request to add to the list any other Polymer Projects you know.﻿

## Google

|     | Name | Polymer version | [PWA](https://developers.google.com/web/progressive-web-apps/ "Progressive Web App") | Source |
| :-: | :--- | --------------: | :-: | -----: |
| - | Chrome Downloads | `1.8` | | [Source](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/chrome/browser/resources/md_downloads/)|
| [:link:](https://www.chromeexperiments.com) | Chrome Experiments | `0.5.5` | | |
| - | Chrome History | `1.8` | | [Source](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/chrome/browser/resources/md_history/)|
| - | Chrome OS audio player | `x.x` | | |
| - | Chrome OS keyboard | `x.x` | | |
| - | Chrome PDF viewer | `1.8` | | [Source](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/master/chrome/browser/resources/pdf) |
| [:link:](https://chromeperf.appspot.com) | Chrome Performance Dashboard | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.chromestatus.com) | Chrome Platform Status | `1.8` | | [Source](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/chromium-dashboard) |
| [:link:](https://codelabs.developers.google.com) | Google Developers Codelabs | `master` | :heavy_check_mark: | |
| [:link:](https://earth.google.com/web/) | Google Earth | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://io2014codelabs.appspot.com) | Google I/O 2014 Codelabs | `0.3.1` | | [Source](https://github.com/googlesamples/io2014-codelabs) |
| [:link:](https://events.google.com/io2015) | Google I/O 2015 | `0.5.5` | | [Source](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/ioweb2015) |
| [:link:](https://io2015codelabs.appspot.com) | Google I/O 2015 Codelabs | `0.5.5` | | [Source](https://github.com/googlesamples/io2015-codelabs) |
| [:link:](https://events.google.com/io2016) | Google I/O 2016 | `1.4` | :heavy_check_mark: |
| [:link:](https://mapstyle.withgoogle.com) | Google Maps APIs Styling Wizard | `1.7` | | |
| [:link:](https://patents.google.com) | Google Patents | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://play.google.com/music) | Google Play Music | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://santatracker.google.com) | Google Santa Tracker 2014 | `0.5.5` | | [Source](https://github.com/google/santa-tracker-web) |
| [:link:](https://santatracker.google.com) | Google Santa Tracker 2015 | `1.2` | | [Source](https://github.com/google/santa-tracker-web) |
| [:link:](https://santatracker.google.com) | Google Santa Tracker 2016 | `1.7` | | [Source](https://github.com/google/santa-tracker-web) |
| [:link:](https://sites.google.com/new) | Google Sites | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://translate.google.com/community) | Google Translate Community | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](http://zeitgeist-globe.appspot.com) | Google Zeitgeist | `0.3.3` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.polymer-project.org) | Polymer | `1.8` | :heavy_check_mark: | [Source](https://github.com/Polymer/docs) |
| [:link:](https://elements.polymer-project.org) | Polymer Element Catalog | `1.8` | | [Source](https://github.com/Polymer/polymer-element-catalog) |
| [:link:](https://www.polymer-project.org/summit-2015) | Polymer Summit 2015 | `1.1` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.polymer-project.org/summit) | Polymer Summit 2016 | `1.1` | | |
| [:link:](https://fi.google.com) | Project Fi | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://lightsaber.withgoogle.com) | Star Wars Lightsaber Escape | `1.2` | | |
| [:link:](http://projector.tensorflow.org) | Tensorflow - Embedding Projector | `1.8` | | [Source](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tree/master/tensorflow/tensorboard) |
| [:link:](https://test.webrtc.org) | WebRTC troubleshooting | `1.2` | | |
| [:link:](https://gaming.youtube.com) | YouTube Gaming | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.youtube.com) | YouTube | `1.9` | | |

## Other

Sorted alphabetically

|     | Name | Polymer version | [PWA](https://developers.google.com/web/progressive-web-apps/ "Progressive Web App") | Source |
| :-: | :--- | --------------: | :-: | -----: |
| [:link:](https://areafiftylan.nl) | AreaFiftyLAN | `1.8` | | [Source](https://github.com/AreaFiftyLAN/lancie-frontend) |
| [:link:](http://www.battlefield.com) | BattleField | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.bithound.io) | bitHound | `1.2` | | |
| [:link:](https://bluemesh.com) | BlueMesh | `1.6` | | |
| [:link:](https://braid.io) | Braid | `1.2` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.catminingexperience.com) | Caterpillar - MINExpo 2016 | `1.6` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.cerberusapp.com) | Cerberus | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.cloudstitch.com) | Cloudstitch | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://github.com/F4IF/ctree-demo) | Collaboration Tree (Demo) | `1.7` | :heavy_check_mark: | [Source](https://github.com/F4IF/ctree-demo)  |
| [:link:](https://ux.contactlab.com) | ContactLab - UI components | `1.8` | | [Source](https://github.com/contactlab/contactlab-ui-components) |
| [:link:](https://customelements.io) | CustomElements | `1.1` | | [Source](https://github.com/customelements/www) |
| [:link:](http://www.ea.com) | Electronic Arts | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://frontend.directory) | Frontend Directory | `1.6` | | |
| [:link:](http://commongarden.org) | Grow-IoT - An interoperable, FOSS framework for the Web of Things. | `1.7` | | [Source](https://github.com/CommonGarden/Grow-IoT/) |
| [:link:](https://home-assistant.io/demo) | Home Assistant | `1.6` | | [Source](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant-polymer) |
| [:link:](https://lookbook.hp.com/us/en/) | HP Lookbook | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://console.ng.bluemix.net) | IBM Bluemix console | `1.0` | | |
| [:link:](https://apps.kano.me) | Kano | `1.8` | :heavy_check_mark: | |
| [:link:](https://kongax.konga.com) | Konga EZ | `1.7` | :heavy_check_mark: | |
| [:link:](http://kune.cc) | Kune | `1.5` | | [Source](https://github.com/comunes/kune) |
| [:link:](https://www.letsride.com.au) | Let's Ride | `1.0` | | |
| [:link:](https://www.marktplaats.nl) | Marktplaats | `1.8` | | |
| [:link:](https://meatscope.camera) | Meatscope | `1.5` | :heavy_check_mark: | [Source](https://github.com/cdata/meat-scope) |
| [:link:](https://www.net-a-porter.com) | Net-a-Porter | `1.2` | | |
| [:link:](https://padlock.io) | Padlock | `1.2` | | [Source](https://github.com/maklesoft/padlock) |
| [:link:](https://realtimestockscreener.com) | Realtime Stock Screener | `1.5` | :heavy_check_mark: | [Source](https://github.com/anandanand84/pwa-competition/) |
| [:link:](https://snapdrop.net) | Snapdrop | `1.2` | | [Source](https://github.com/RobinLinus/snapdrop) |
| [:link:](https://www.syncrtc.com) | SyncRTC | `1.5` | | |
| [:link:](https://ww8.herokuapp.com) | Torrent Alert - Torrent Keyword Search, Schedule & Alert | `1.8` | | [Source](https://github.com/vcompile/Torrent-Alert) |
| [:link:](http://travelto.live) | Travel to Live | `1.6` | | |
| [:link:](https://tutorials.ubuntu.com) | Ubuntu Tutorials | `1.7` | | [Source](https://github.com/ubuntudesign/tutorials.ubuntu.com) |
| [:link:](https://rio16.usatoday.com/olympics-rio-2016/schedule-results) | USAToday - Rio 2016 Olympics Schedule and Results | `1.6` | | |
| [:link:](https://vaadin.com/elements) | Vaadin Elements | `1.8` | | [Source](https://github.com/vaadin) |
| [:link:](https://demo.vaadin.com/expense-manager/) | Vaadin Expense Manager | `1.8` | :heavy_check_mark: | [Source](https://github.com/vaadin/expense-manager-demo) |
| [:link:](https://www.victoriassecret.com) | Victoria's Secret | `1.5` | | |
| [:link:](http://webcomponents.org) | WebComponents.org | `1.8` | :heavy_check_mark: | [Source](https://github.com/webcomponents/webcomponents.org) |
| [:link:](https://home.xfinity.com) | XFINITY Home | `1.7` | | |
| [:link:](https://tv.xfinity.com) | XFINITY TV | `1.7` | | |
| [:link:](https://zeplin.io) | Zeplin | `1.0` | | |
| [:link:](https://zeppidy.com) | Zeppidy | `1.7` | | |
